You've seen how to create training data by iterating over all of
our complete time series and leaving off the last prediction length number of points.
Here, you can see one such series displayed.
The test set of data is the entire time series that we initially created.
Now, we're almost ready to train a deep AR estimator.
According to the deep AR documentation,
deep AR expects to see input training data in a JSON format.
Specifically, each of our time series will be on a single line in
a JSON file and formatted as a dictionary that looks like these examples.
We have a start key,
which is a string that defines the starting date of the time series.
This is going to be year, month, day, and timestamp.
Then a key target,
which hold are associated time series data.
These will be the values of the meaning global active power.
There is an optional key cat,
short for category, that's worth mentioning.
Cut is a numerical array of categorical features
that can be used to encode the groups that your data belongs to.
This is useful when you have different items like
stocks or products that you want your model to distinguish between,
but we will not be using it in this example.
So your next task will be to convert or time series data
both the training and test sets into JSON formatted lines.
You should complete this function series to JSON obj.
This takes in a single time series and returns a dictionary of
values in the desired format with start and target keys.
Once you've completed this function,
you can run the next few cells to write the training and test data to JSON files locally.
After uploading your data locally,
you'll see one more task which is actually uploading the data
to S3 to make it accessible to a deep AR estimator.
If you complete these tasks,
you'll be ready to instantiate and train an estimator on this data.